doc: add additional info on TSFN dispatch (#48367)
nodejs/node: doc/api/n-api.md

It is not necessary to call into JavaScript via `napi_make_callback()` because
Node-API runs `call_js_cb` in a context appropriate for callbacks.

> Zero or more queued callbacks may be invoked in each tick of the event queue.

Reviewer: Seems like the term "event queue" is the first appearance here. Could we replace it with a more common term?

Also, an `napi_threadsafe_function` has a single callback with multiple queued data items. I think it would be more clear to align the term as "items" as above paragraphs.

```suggestion
Zero or more queued items may be invoked in each tick of the event loop.
```

Author: @legendecas added your suggested changes which looked good. Agreed it should have been event loop for sure.

> Applications should not depend on a specific behaviour other than progress in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Applications should not depend on a specific behavior other than progress in
```
We generally use American English in the documentation, so this is for consistency.
